# Draw-it-or-Lose-it-Project


Draw it or Lose it, is a current Android only mobile game made by The Gaming Room. To grow the playability, The Gaming Room wants a web-based version that can run on multiple platforms. They are unfamiliar with web-based programs and have asked us to help with the development of the new web-based version. The one area that I feel I did well for the documentation is the Evaluation chart. I reaseached a lot about the different operating systems for a server to run the web application. The requirements from the customer really helped with develpoing the code beacause the customer stated everything that the software needed to do. That meant that I wasn't trying to come up with solutions for what the customer wanted, I just had to code the program to their requirements. The recommendation section could use some revising by asking the customer what their thoughts on it was. This way I would know for sure if the customer was satisfied with my server recommendations. It is important to consider the user's needs when designing a program because those are the people that are going to be using the software. I made sure to accommodate my user's needs by referring to my clients executive summery and requirements for the application. Program development involves several key steps that I plan on using in the future, starting with defining the problem and understanding user needs. The program is then designed, implemented, and thoroughly tested before being deployed to end-users. This way the client is happy with the end product.
